Although I have never met the owner
The grace of transformation Liu keeps in mind
From now on, do good deeds
Fu was released from prison and also sat down as a lackey for the shopkeeper
Remember the grace of transformation
From now on, do good deeds
Zhuang people also want to take a seat for the owner Peng
Sevenfold Demons Disbanded
In addition to the boxing order, the world battle scriptures
Break through the shopkeeper's minister of divine power
Today I am a fairy on earth
Lord Owner
I established a financial family in Longjia
I would like to offer all my assets
I only ask you to marry you, the enemy of the Long family, as your wife
Hahahaha
A place like black jade can really be achieved
A mere migrant worker
You actually lied to my dad to marry me to you
That being the case
The so-called black jade
It doesn't have to exist.
I Ryumaru War and God of War
It's dark today.